I came to the Mohist family to talk about status
Why is this bitch here?
What else are you doing besides this?
Go back to the kitchen
Does your family have cherry trees?
Yes, it's in the yard.
I see
Shen Jing, please sit down for a while
I'll go get you some dessert
You don't wear a mask at home
He also deliberately spilled tea on his body
You think I don't know your little thought
It was an accident.
I didn't mean to
I was also an accident
Please see the actual accident
That's right. Good idea.
You work in the kitchen every day.
It's normal for a little accident to happen, right?
Like burns
Wei Rong
Miss I beg you
I will definitely avoid Mr. Lu in the future
Now I know regret
Late rolled his face into the ditch